>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right, so
let's go through, very good suggestion.
So if you have suggestions like hey, it
would helpful if we just recapped this or
if you could just restate this
in a clearer term, absolutely.
And so, at a high level, because
we're dealing with an Nx workspace.
And let me just pull this all down
to kinda zoom out really high here.
When you generate an Nx workspace, this
is essentially a monorepo where you're
able to split your kind of client specific
centric applications into the apps folder.
Then you can abstract out common
business logic, state management stuff.
And the things that you could possibly
wanna reuse across multiple applications,
utility libraries,
common functionality, into your libs.
So in the apps folder,
we are working out of a single
application, which is dashboard.
And so we were able to generate
that just as a normal angular
satellite project NGG app dashboard,
generated.
Now, in the libs folder, what I've done
is I've generated four common libraries.
And they all serve kind
of a different purpose.
So the first one that I did is
I created a material library.
And if you look in here, in source.lib,
within the material folder,
is there is a material.module.
And all we are doing is importing all
of the material components that we're
going to use across
the application into one place.
But not only are importing them,
but we are exporting them.
So now,
as you saw in the previous example,
that if you have a component in a module,
and you wanna use it somewhere else,
you need to export that
to make that available.
And so
this is just a nice way to keep your main
application module nice and clean.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then if we
go back into our file structure,
then what I've done is I've
created a core-data lib.
And when we start to
work on our services and
communicate with a server,
this is where those files will go.
Typically, what I'll also do is
when I'm dealing with NgRx or
Redux, that I'll have a state
management piece in here as well.
Possibly separate that out,
it just depends.
And so core data, you can just think of
this as where your data is coming from,
this is where your data is being managed.
This is a highly reusable module.
So this this is something that if
you have multiple applications,
typically you will reuse portions
of this over and over and over.
So having this in one
place is really nice.
As well as if somebody updates the lib,
well then now you
can leverage that in the application
that you happen to be working in.
What we've also done is
generated placeholders for
the login screen and the toolbar.
So as you would imagine, if you have
kind of a standard login screen,
you may have a dashboard.
You may have a widget,
a user portal, or whatever.
You may want to reuse that.
And it's kind of a standalone are you
allowed to see what's behind this wall?
Let's reuse that.
As well as a ui-toolbar, so
just think of this as a header component.
That there's a lot of utility in
every one of our applications,
we want all of the header
to be exactly the same.
And so at a high level, what I've done,
from an architectural standpoint,
is I stopped and I said what are things
that I could possibly want to reuse in
maybe another a project?
And so in AngularJS, the idea was to,
if you had something in a controller,
you would put it into a service.
And then as it became used
across the entire application,
then you would put it
in a common directory.
So this is the next evolution of that, is
that it's so common, that you want to put
it into a standalone lib that can now be
imported across multiple applications.
So this is a kind of a fundamental shift
as I started to work with Nx workspaces.
That it's like I can put this in the lib,
my services that I'm calling the server.
That's not really going to change, and
consume it across multiple
applications very effectively.
And then in the apps, it's I'm approaching
this of what is the user going to see?
What are they going to touch?
And so this is typically going to
consist of some very thin component
that most of what they're dealing with is
either data consumption from core data.
Or if something happens,
delegating it back up to communicate
with some top level directory.
In this case today, it'll be core data.
Hey, go, I selected this thing or
I wanna delete this thing, core data,
go do your thing at the server.
But at the same time,
so consuming data but
we need to introduce NgRx then it
kinda delegates back out to that.
So all the business logic goes there.
And then within the dashboard,
I have went ahead and
generated three components.
So I'm thinking this application is going
to have kind of three basic features.
A customers feature,
a projects feature, and
a kind of a home feature or
a home component.
So when you come to the application,
this is what you're going to see,
the home screen.
And then within each
one of these features,
that I've generated it as a module,
so that I can set up specific
routes to that feature.
Which also sets the stage for
us to do lazy loading.
And so by doing it, for
instance let's take the projects feature.
Because this is in a module, that if for
some reason I wanted to pick this up,
it would be very easy to
promote this into a common lib.
And so I generally operate on the concept
of refactoring through promotion where
this is the appropriate abstraction for
this now.
But as you would get new data and
you realize I can use this over here,
well, you just start to promote
from into a common folder.
Or as a common feature or
into a common lib.
And so we have home, projects, customers.
And then within the module that,
I'll zoom this back down,
that we then imported in our
feature modules down here.
And because I went off script just a bit,
that we saw that I wanted to
actually pull in this home feature.
Or this home component, that I also
had to at the module level export it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
this is definitely, as we're doing this,
we're coming from the outside, kind of in.
And so I've generated a lot of
this is the broad shape of it.
But you can also, having an Nx workspace,
start very specific.
Of I'm gonna do just one application.
We could build it out.
So we're kinda coming
outside in just a bit so
I wanna lay kind of these high pieces.
Here's the modules, a lib,
a common lib, an application, etc.
But so coming from the outside kind
of in and seeing the broad strokes.
But you could definitely start with I
wanna start with a single application and
build my components there.
And then as I need common libs or
I need additional things,
then abstract them out and
refactor through promotion.